[Music]
ten foods to avoid for the flat belly
you've always dreamed of we all want to
have a flat stomach but belly fat is the
most difficult kind to get rid of so
unfair right if following a strict diet
and exercise regimen has done nothing
for your waistline these 10 foods might
be to blame before we get into that
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
and turn on post notifications to keep
up with our updates one alcoholic drinks
[Music]
some alcoholic beverages are loaded with
calories but it's not just about the
caloric content in certain drinks
alcohol consumption itself increases
your appetite and confuses the part of
your brain that's responsible for that
full feeling in your stomach so no
matter how full you are when you go for
a bottle of beer you usually grab a
snack too don't you of course there are
those special occasions when you can't
help but celebrate with some alcohol so
if you're going to the club a birthday
party or whatever go for wine or beer no
snacking though and avoid cocktails just
think a 4-ounce daiquiri or margarita
contains 7 teaspoons of added sugar that
plus the fact that alcohol slows down
your body's metabolism making it even
more difficult to burn all those
calories should make you think twice
before opting for a fancy mix drink next
time - soda I know I know we've heard it
all before it's just so dang hard to
give up soda but if you're seriously set
on getting rid of belly fat you really
do have to kick the habit of drinking
pop even diet soda slows down your
metabolism and makes your body store
more fat one can of soda contains 150
empty calories and whenever you drink
something fizzy you take in a good
amount of carbon dioxide - which is what
gives the drinks their carbonation this
gas unsurprisingly will make you gassy
and bloated and if you're now thinking
fine I'll just drink juice instead it's
healthy
you'll be badly mistaken most
store-bought juices have no actual
nutritional value or vitamins they're
just full of sugar and corn syrup if you
need a replacement for your favorite
soda just go with plain water or some
good ol home brewed iced tea with no
sugar in it obviously this way you'll
save your body from hundreds of extra
calories you really don't need
[Music]
three chewing gum when you chew gum your
brain and stomach gets signals that
prepare them for an incoming meal
this means that gum triggers the
overproduction of stomach acid which
ends up making you feel hungry what's
even worse researchers at the Ohio
University have discovered that chewing
gum doesn't make you hungry for just any
food but for the sugary stuff the
chemical that gives gum it's minty taste
makes healthy fruits and vegetables
taste nasty ever brush your teeth and
then drank some orange juice exactly
four foods high in sodium
if you thought sugar was the biggest
culprit keeping you from achieving a
flat stomach I've got some bad news for
you along with sugar salt should also be
limited to small amounts especially if
you suffer from high blood pressure not
only are high sodium foods harmful to
your health they also make your body
retain fluids resulting in a puffy belly
in fact most people take in around
thirty four hundred milligrams of sodium
daily that's more than twice the
recommended fifteen hundred milligrams
according to the American Heart
Association so avoid sprinkling your
food with salt and thoroughly study the
sodium content on food packaging five
fast food this probably comes as no
surprise I mean we're all well aware
that fast food contains too many
calories and leads to a whole slew of
health problems but if it's specifically
that gut you're trying to get rid of
then you really need to give the stuff
up junk food is called junk for a reason
it's just a scary mix of fat sugar and
chemical additives the fat and fast food
causes bloating and discomfort because
it leaves the stomach really slowly
sugar
on the contrary moves right into the
intestines the chemicals and artificial
sweeteners that give your junk food that
great taste negatively affect the good
bacteria in your gut and that leads to
obesity
if you're looking for a healthy snack
alternative try vegetable sticks or some
fruits instead six mayonnaise if you're
a big fan of mayonnaise then you should
know that this condiment contains at
least 80 percent fat yeah it's basically
just straight-up fat one tablespoon of
the stuff has about 100 calories so if
you add two tablespoons of mayo to your
sandwich
you're only doubling that the best
option is to substitute Mayo for
vegetable puree or hummus seven fried
foods that's right
you need to bid adieu to delicious
french fries if you're trying to combat
belly fat foods fried and oil work like
a sponge that absorbs saturated fats and
those types of fats are dangerous
because they can actually affect a brain
function preventing it from thinking
clearly about how much weight you're
gaining at the moment as a result you
just keep shoving food in your mouth
without even noticing it plus it takes
your body and eternity to digest fried
foods because of the high fat content in
them ate ice cream
probably another obvious point on this
list sugary foods like ice cream
inevitably turn into abdominal fat which
is the most dangerous place to store fat
on the body not to mention ice cream is
pretty addictive right hit that thumbs
up if you agree we'll see how many ice
cream fans we have out there an article
published in the American Journal of
Clinical Nutrition even compared craving
ice cream to drug addiction the more you
get the more you want to satisfy your
ever growing craving and of course the
more ice cream you eat the more calories
you get with it it's a vicious sugary
circle if you absolutely can't imagine
your life without some frozen dessert
try preparing a low-calorie one yourself
freeze a small banana and then
blended into a paste the dessert
contains less than 100 calories and
tastes just as good or at least close
nine foods that make you bloat even the
skinniest people can have pretty bulging
bellies due to consuming too many foods
that provoke intestinal gases and
bloating if this is an issue for you
just avoid these types of foods and get
into a good workout routine that will
speed up your digestion dairy even
though it is a great source of calcium
and protein leads to digestive problems
in over 65 percent of all people for
those who are lactose intolerant it
causes bloating cramping diarrhea and
gas unsweetened almond milk could be a
good alternative to regular milk a
rather unexpected food that might make
you bloat is apples we all know they
have vitamin C as well as lots of fiber
which combines with the fructose
contained in apples and ferments in your
large intestines causing all kinds of
trouble baked apples can be a great
solution if you want to avoid bloating
but still get the vitamins you need
lentils beans and artichokes are also
super fiber rich and cause a similar
bloating effect in your body 10 sugar
free foods foods with sugar substitutes
like poly alcohols are only effective
for people with diabetes
but these sugar free products still
contribute to the big size of your
abdomen just think if your soda is
labeled diet but tastes just as good as
the regular one there must be something
in it to compensate for the lack of
sugar and fat
artificial sweeteners might have no
calories in them but they will make you
want to eat more which only leads to
gaining excess weight this doesn't only
concern soda but most Diet versions of
unhealthy foods as well so stick to
healthy natural stuff and don't fall for
the zero calories lose weight as you eat
slogans and advertisements
which of these forbidden foods are the
hardest to say no to for you please
share with us in the comments section
like this video and send it to your
friends so they'll know how to lose some
stubborn belly fat too if you're new to
our channel don't forget to subscribe
remember life is always better on the
bright side